docs/src/content/docs/web-apps.mdx, before:

---
title: Web Apps
description: Declarative management of PWA/SSB web applications
---

import { Steps } from '@astrojs/starlight/components';

This module manages a collection of web applications (Progressive Web Apps / Site-Specific Browsers) declaratively, including their icons and a custom launch script that ensures they open in a supported browser (Chrome/Chromium).

## Overview

- **Module**: `modules/hm/programs/webapps/default.nix`
- **Icons**: `modules/hm/programs/webapps/icons/`
- **Launcher**: `omarchy-launch-webapp` (packaged internally)

## Features

- **Declarative**: All apps are defined in Nix.
- **Smart Launcher**: Automatically attempts to use `google-chrome-stable` for `--app` support, falling back gracefully if needed.
- **Icon Management**: Icons are versioned within the repository.

## Usage

The module is imported by default in `modules/hm/programs/default.nix`.

To enable/disable specific apps, you would modify the `xdg.desktopEntries` list in `modules/hm/programs/webapps/default.nix`.

## Included Applications

The following applications are currently configured:

- **AI Assistants**: Claude AI, ChatGPT (OpenAI), Gemini, DeepSeek, Perplexity, Phind, etc.
- **Productivity**: Notion, TickTick, M365 Copilot.
- **Entertainment**: Netflix, Disney+, HBO Max, YouTube, Spotify (Web).
- **Social**: X (Twitter), X Grok.
- **Dev**: GitHub, GitKraken.

## Adding a New App

<Steps>

1.  **Add Icon**:
    Place the icon (PNG recommended) in `modules/hm/programs/webapps/icons/`.

2.  **Add Entry**:
    Add a new line to `xdg.desktopEntries` in `modules/hm/programs/webapps/default.nix`:

    ```nix
    "app-id" = mkWebApp "App Name" "https://url.com" "icon-filename.png";
    ```

3.  **Apply**:
    Run `make sys-apply`.

</Steps>

Commit message:

docs: Refine the web applications list with updated descriptions and add a note on full configuration details.

docs/src/content/docs/web-apps.mdx, after:

---
title: Web Apps
description: Declarative management of PWA/SSB web applications
---

import { Steps } from '@astrojs/starlight/components';

This module manages a collection of web applications (Progressive Web Apps / Site-Specific Browsers) declaratively, including their icons and a custom launch script that ensures they open in a supported browser (Chrome/Chromium).

## Overview

- **Module**: `modules/hm/programs/webapps/default.nix`
- **Icons**: `modules/hm/programs/webapps/icons/`
- **Launcher**: `omarchy-launch-webapp` (packaged internally)

## Features

- **Declarative**: All apps are defined in Nix.
- **Smart Launcher**: Automatically attempts to use `google-chrome-stable` for `--app` support, falling back gracefully if needed.
- **Icon Management**: Icons are versioned within the repository.

## Usage

The module is imported by default in `modules/hm/programs/default.nix`.

To enable/disable specific apps, you would modify the `xdg.desktopEntries` list in `modules/hm/programs/webapps/default.nix`.

## Included Applications

The module provides a variety of pre-configured web applications, including:

- **AI Assistants**: Claude AI, ChatGPT (OpenAI), Gemini, DeepSeek, Perplexity.
- **Productivity**: Notion, TickTick, M365 Copilot.
- **Entertainment**: Netflix, Disney+, HBO Max, YouTube (via Helium for an ad-free experience), Spotify (Web).
- **Social**: X (Twitter), X Grok.
- **Development**: GitHub, GitKraken.

:::note
This list highlights common applications. For a complete list of all currently configured webapps, refer to the `xdg.desktopEntries` in `modules/hm/programs/webapps/default.nix`.
:::

## Adding a New App

<Steps>

1.  **Add Icon**:
    Place the icon (PNG recommended) in `modules/hm/programs/webapps/icons/`.

2.  **Add Entry**:
    Add a new line to `xdg.desktopEntries` in `modules/hm/programs/webapps/default.nix`:

    ```nix
    "app-id" = mkWebApp "App Name" "https://url.com" "icon-filename.png";
    ```

3.  **Apply**:
    Run `make sys-apply`.

</Steps>
